docs: add github x bytebase tech partner announcement (#808)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/blog/bytebase-github-technology-partner.md

---

> title: Bytebase Joins GitHub Technology Partner Program to Simplify Database Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Announcing Partnership with GitHub to Automate Database Development
```

author: Mila
published_at: 2023/02/16 15:21:21
feature_image: /static/blog/bytebase-github-technology-partner/feature-image.webp
tags: Announcement
featured: true

> description: We are proud to announce the Technology Partner agreement with GitHub to provide developers with a smooth database development experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We are proud to announce the Technology Partnership with GitHub to provide developers with a smooth database development experience.
```

---

> We are proud to announce the Technology Partner agreement with GitHub to provide developers with a smooth database development experience. As the world's leading software development platform, [GitHub](https://github.com/) brings together the world's largest developer community to make it easy for developers to discover, share, and build better software. Bytebase is a Database CI/CD tool for DevOps teams, and is [the only Database CI/CD solution](/blog/cncf-landscape) to be included in the CNCF Landscape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are proud to announce the Technology Partnership with GitHub to provide developers with a smooth database development experience. As the world's leading software development platform, [GitHub](https://github.com/) brings together the world's largest developer community to make it easy for developers to discover, share, and build better software. Bytebase is a Database CI/CD tool for DevOps teams, and is [the only Database CI/CD solution](/blog/cncf-landscape) to be included in the CNCF Landscape.
```

SQL Review is now available via both GitHub Action and GitHub App.

To integrate SQL review rules into your CI process, you can either go for [SQL Review Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/sql-review) or the Bytebase [GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace/bytebase) over at GitHub Marketplace.

![github-marketplace](/static/blog/bytebase-github-technology-partner/github-marketplace.webp)

Once configured, if a SQL statement in your PR violates the review rule, you will get a prompt of the violation details.

![sql-review-github](/static/blog/bytebase-github-technology-partner/sql-review-github.webp)

In addition, you can take database management one step further by configuring the [GitOps workflow](/docs/vcs-integration/overview), which can be defined as "Database-as-code". This enables an integrated CI/CD process from code changes to database changes. The database change scripts you submit to your GitHub repo will automatically trigger Bytebase's SQL review and deployment pipeline. This enables an integrated CI/CD process from code changes to database changes.

![gitops-bytebase](/static/blog/bytebase-github-technology-partner/gitops-bytebase.webp)

> Bytebase and GitHub will continue to work together to provide the ultimate database development experience for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to leverage version control system like GitHub to codify the entire database development workflow, please check out [Streamline Database Change Management for TiDB Cloud with Bytebase](/blog/streamline-database-change-management-for-tidb-cloud-with-bytebase).
```
